what is up just got out of shower and I
was like wait for this thing to dry cuz
yesterday I have this big old zip right
here somebody you know it's about time
for a porch trip and I always love
tearing these things off and don't act
like you guys don't do this too
I'm just sharing it with you guys I love
and don't act like you don't look at it
either and you get done and not as bad
as I thought
can you guys see it but I got it
gotta keep a keep that skin acne free
much as we workout you're gonna get bit
sometimes it's okay cuz today we're
talking about not sweating the small
things that's kind of interesting don't
sweat the small things sweating means is
it's small things
I don't know I'm on crack whatever just
kidding anyhow today day six we're
moving right along here we are like
almost 1/3 of the way done on our way to
being happier healthier individuals
that's a penis water is all about people
being healthy and happy so and I think
I've been looking at this like I always
look at the computer screen instead of
like looking at you guys I'm looking at
you guys now right how you doing and
yeah okay so you guys want me reading
the rest back to you underneath respect
you day one don't hold grudges day to
treat everyone kindness day 3 see
problem problems as challenges which
that one really is stuck out to me each
time I go that's a problem I'm like wait
a minute
reverse that it's a challenge day 4 is
express gratitude for what you already
have day 5 was dream big and day 6 don't
sweat the small stuff
happy people ask themselves will this
matter in a year from now they
understand that life's too short to get
worked up over to real issues and
situations letting things roll off your
back will definitely put you at ease to
enjoy other more important things in
life and that to me is very apparent
just this past weekend everyone has
arguments with their significant others
and just this past weekend got in an
argument over the dumbest thing like it
was it was my bad if I would have let it
a half hour 45 minutes go by it wouldn't
bother me but I'm like no I'm gonna be a
be a punk I'm gonna bring it up right
now and and it was retarded of me to do
that and I guess sorry for using that
word out like that word but it was
really really uh being a cotton-headed
ninny-muggins
it was a small trivial thing it wouldn't
have mattered in an hour let alone a
week or a year so the next time you're
getting all worked up about something
you know you didn't get your protein
30 minutes right after your workout
don't sweat the small things all those
little tiny things that you're sweating
and getting worked up about accumulate
over a while and that stress will lead
to more harm than actually the thing
you're stressing over so let it roll off
your back have a good time with or just
enjoying life you know nobody's perfect
we're perfect wouldn't need to be here
in my opinion but yeah I'm heading off
to st. George today well I'm actually
going to poke with - ello hommes but
then st. George so if you're around st.
George this weekend come out to complete
nutrition I'm gonna be a good time it's
supposed to be like 75 80 there yes
please I'll be working on my tan cuz
this dudes white and by the way yeah
that's a tiger why cuz I got the eye of
the tiger Steve cook
happy Wednesday Wednesday no it's
Tuesday um I need you signing out love
your box